Render a score and apply every resource in it, in dependency order.

The score is rendered and every manifest validated before the server is
contacted, then its requirements are checked all at once: a variable the
score requires, a secret it declares, or a volume or workload a manifest
names that the score does not apply. Nothing is applied while any of them
is missing, and the error names every one. Volumes are applied first,
then variables, then workloads with each after the workloads it
references, then services.

A resource that already exists without this score's label belongs to
something else, and applying over it is refused. Pass --adopt to take
such resources over, which is how a deployment applied by hand becomes a
score without deleting it first.

A secret the score declares has to be set before anything is applied, and
no value for one ever enters a score or a values file. A declared secret
that is not set yet is prompted for, without echo, before anything else
happens. Pass --secret name=@path to read one from a file instead, which
is the non-interactive form. A value written inline as name=value is
refused, for the reason "takt secret set" takes no value argument. Only a
missing secret is set: one that exists is left alone, since setting it
again would redeploy every workload reading it. Without a terminal, or
with --no-input, a missing secret fails the apply naming every one.

Pass --prune to delete, once everything is applied, whatever carries this
install's label that the score no longer names. That is how a manifest
removed from the score leaves the server. Pruning destroys in reverse
order, waiting for each workload, and asks first because a volume goes
with its data; --yes skips the question. Prune compares against the
rendered set, so it is only as safe as the render is repeatable.

A failure partway stops at once. There is no rollback: the output says
what landed, and the next apply carries on from there.

  takt score apply ./blog
  takt score apply ./blog --values prod.yaml --as blog-prod
  takt score apply ./blog --secret db-password=@./password --no-input
  takt score apply ./blog --prune --yes
